Removing mlv content (#242)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: plugins_sdks/plugins/official/opencart.en.md

* Accept tickets, bank transfer and account money in addition to cards.
* Accept MercadoPago's discount coupons.

> *Available for Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru andUruguay *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Available for Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay *
```
